Add instructions to run specific tests (#660)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: CONTRIBUTING.md

It's OK if you can't or don't know how to test something.
Leave a comment in the PR and we'll help you out.

> You can also run tests in a specific test script using:
> 
>     pytest -v --mpl --mpl-results-path=results pygmt/tests/NAME_OF_TEST_FILE.py
> 
> or run tests which contain names that match a specific keyword expression:
> 
>     pytest -v --mpl --mpl-results-path=results -k KEYWORD pygmt/tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run tests in just one test script using:

    pytest --verbose --mpl --mpl-results-path=results --doctest_modules pygmt/tests/NAME_OF_TEST_FILE.py

or run tests which contain names that match a specific keyword expression:

    pytest --verbose --mpl --mpl-results-path=results --doctest_modules -k KEYWORD pygmt/tests
```

Make it more 'verbose' instead of 'v' so new users know what it is, and perhaps include the doctest modules?
